Feature/api 5263 document agent management configuration api endpoints (#637)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/management/configuration-api/v3.2/index.mdx

| `notifications`__***__                   | `string[]` | No       | Represents which agent notifications are turned on.                                                                                    |
| `email_subscriptions`__****__            | `string[]` | No       | Represents which subscriptions will be send to agent via email.                                                                        |
| `work_scheduler`                         | `object`   | No       | Work scheduler options to set for new agent                                                                                            |
| `work_scheduler.__**__.<work_scheduler>` | `object`   | No       | **\**\*** **described below**                                                                                                          |

**\**\***
`<work_scheduler>` contains the following fields:

- `start` (`string`) - time when agent starts work, in format: `HH:MM`
- `end` (`string`) - time when agent finishes work, in format: `HH:MM`

__**__ Possible values for the `work_scheduler` object keys: 
- `sunday` 
- `monday` 
- `tuesday`
- `wednesday`
- `thursday`
- `friday`
- `saturday`

> __***__ Possible values for the `notifications` array (value present in array means that notification is turned on):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__***__ Possible values for the `notifications` array:
```

Reviewer: I think we don't need to explain it

- `new_visitor`
- `incoming_chat`
- `returning_visitor`
- `queued_visitor`
- `visitor_is_typing`
- `new_goal`
- `unassigned_chats`
- `unassigned_chat_messages`
- `ticket`
- `inactive_notifications`
- `mute_all_sounds`
- `repeat_sound_notifications`
- `ticket_notifications`

> __****__ Possible values for the `email_subscriptions` array (value present in array means that notification is turned on):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__****__ Possible values for the `email_subscriptions` array:
```

</Text>

<Code>

<CodeSample path={'REQUEST'}>

```shell
curl -X POST \
  https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.2/configuration/action/create_agent \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your_access_token>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
        "id": "agent@domain.com",
        "name": "New Agent"
        "role": "viceowner",
        "groups": [
          {
            "id": 5,
            "priority": "first"
          },
          {
            "id": 2,
            "priority": "last"
          },
          {
            "id": 1,
            "priority": "normal"
          }
        ],
        "work_scheduler": {
          "monday": {
            "start": "8:30",
            "end": "12:30"
          },
          "friday": {
            "start": "7:30",
            "end": "21:30"
          }
        },
        "notifications": [
          "new_visitor",
          "new_goal",
          "visitor_is_typing"
        ],
        "summaries": [
          "weekly_summary"
        ]
      }'
```

</CodeSample>

<CodeResponse>

```json
{
    "id": "agent@domain.com",
}
```

</CodeResponse>

</Code>

</Section>

<Section>

<Text>

### Get Agent

> It returns the info about an Agent specified by `id`. There are some agent fields that always gonna be returned, but user can request some additional ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It returns the info about an Agent specified by `id`.
```

Reviewer: I don't think it's necessary to mention that users can request additional fields. I think they know that

#### Specifics

|                 |                                                                   |
|-----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Method URL      | `https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.2/configuration/action/get_agent` |
| Required scopes | `agents--my:ro` `agents--all:ro`                                  |

#### Request

| Request object        | Type       | Required | Notes                                |
|-----------------------|------------|----------|--------------------------------------|
| `id`                  | `string`   | Yes      | Agent ID                             |
| `fields`__*__         | `string[]` | No       | Additional fields to include.        |

__*__ The table below presents the possible values for the `fields[]` parameter:

| Possible value        | Notes                                                       |
|-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `work_scheduler`      | Work scheduler object for agent                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `work_scheduler`      | Work scheduler object for an Agent                             |
```

> | `groups`              | Groups in which agent belongs                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `groups`              | Groups an Agent belongs to                               |
```

> | `email_subscriptions` | Active agent email subscriptions list                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `email_subscriptions` | A list of the Agent's active subscriptions                      |
```

> | `notifications`       | Enabled agent email subscriptions list                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `notifications`       | A list of the Agent's enabled notifications                      |
```

| `job_title`           | Agent's job title                                           |
| `mobile`              | Agent's mobile number                                       |
| `max_chats_count`     | Agent's maximum number of concurrent chats                  |

> | `suspended`           | Boolean value  indicating if agent is suspended             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `suspended`           | Boolean value  indicating if an Agent is suspended             |
```

> | `awaiting_approval`   | Boolean value  indicating if agent is awaiting for approval |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `awaiting_approval`   | Boolean value indicating if an Agent is awaiting approval |
```

</Text>

<Code>

<CodeSample path={'REQUEST'}>

```shell
curl -X POST \
  https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.2/configuration/action/get_agent \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your_access_token>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
        "id": "agent@domain.com",
        "fields": [
          "summaries",
          "max_chats_count",
          "job_title"
        ]
      }'
```

</CodeSample>

<CodeResponse>

```json
{
    "id": "agent@domain.com",
    "name": "John",
    "avatar_path": "https://domain.com/avatar.image.jpg",
    "role": "administrator",
    "login_status": "accepting chats",
    "job_title": "Support Hero",
    "max_chats_count": 5,
    "summaries": [
      "daily_summary",
      "weekly_summary"
    ]
}
```

</CodeResponse>

</Code>

</Section>

<Section>

<Text>

### List Agents

> Returns all Agents within a license. You can request only the Agents from a specific group. Some of agents fields are returned by default by you can also extend them via providing fields names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns all Agents within a license. You can request only the Agents from a specific group. 
```

Reviewer: same as above. it's fine as long as we specify which fields are required/optional in the table

#### Specifics

|                 |                                                                     |
|-----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Method URL      | `https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.2/configuration/action/list_agents` |
| Required scopes | `agents--all:ro`                                                    |

#### Request

| Parameter           | Required | Type       | Notes                                         |
|---------------------|----------|------------|-----------------------------------------------|

> | `filters`           | No       | `object`   | Groups from which Agents you want to receive. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `filters`           | No       | `object`   | Possible request filters |
```

Reviewer: The previous description refers to filters.group_ids. `filters` is more general so I hope this description is OK

> | `filters.group_ids` | No       | `int[]`    | Groups from which Agents you want to receive. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `filters.group_ids` | No       | `int[]`    | IDs of the groups from which you want to list Agents. |
```

| `fields`__*__       | No       | `string[]` | Additional agent fields to include.           |

__*__ The table below presents the possible values for the `fields[]` parameter:

| Possible value        | Notes                                                       |
|-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `work_scheduler`      | Work scheduler object for agent                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `work_scheduler`      | Work scheduler object for an Agent                             |
```

> | `groups`              | Groups in which agent belongs                               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `groups`              | Groups an Agent belongs to                               |
```

> | `email_subscriptions` | Active agent email subscriptions list                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `email_subscriptions` | A list of the Agent's active email subscriptions                       |
```

> | `notifications`       | Enabled agent email subscriptions list                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `notifications`       | A list of the Agent's enabled notifications                      |
```

| `job_title`           | Agent's job title                                           |
| `mobile`              | Agent's mobile number                                       |
| `max_chats_count`     | Agent's maximum number of concurrent chats                  |

> | `suspended`           | Boolean value  indicating if agent is suspended             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `suspended`           | Boolean value indicating if an Agent is suspended             |
```

> | `awaiting_approval`   | Boolean value  indicating if agent is awaiting for approval |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `awaiting_approval`   | Boolean value indicating if an Agent is awaiting approval |
```

| `role`                                   | `string`   | No       | Agent role, should be on of following: `viceowner`, `administrator`, `normal` |
| `avatar`                                 | `string`   | No       | URL path for agent avatar                                                     |
| `job_title`                              | `string`   | No       | Agent's job title                                                             |
| `mobile`                                 | `string`   | No       | Agent's mobile number                                                         |
| `max_chats_count`                        | `int`      | No       | Agent's maximum number of concurrent chats                                    |
| `groups`                                 | `object[]` | No       | Groups an Agent belongs to.                                                   |
| `groups[].id`                            | `uint`     | Yes      | Group ID; required only when `group`'s included.                              |
| `groups[].priority` __*****__            | `string`   | Yes      | Agent's priority in a group; required only when `group`'s included.           |

> | `notifications`__***__                   | `string[]` | No       | Represents which agent notifications are turned on.                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `notifications`__***__                   | `string[]` | No       | Represents which Agent notifications are turned on.                           |
```

> | `email_subscriptions`__****__            | `string[]` | No       | Represents which subscriptions will be send to agent via email.               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `email_subscriptions`__****__            | `string[]` | No       | Represents which subscriptions will be send to an Agent via email.               |
```

> | `work_scheduler`                         | `object`   | No       | Work scheduler options to set for new agent                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `work_scheduler`                         | `object`   | No       | Work scheduler options to set for a new Agent                                   |
```

| `work_scheduler.__**__.<work_scheduler>` | `object`   | No       | **\**\*** **described below**                                                 |

> 

Reviewer: Please, make sure the order and the number of * is correct, as for the one we discussed via DMs.

#### Response

No response payload (`200 OK`).

</Text>

<Code>

<CodeSample path={'REQUEST'}>

```shell
curl -X POST \
  https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.2/configuration/action/update_agent \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your_access_token>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
        "id": "agent@domain.com",
        "name": "New Agent"
        "role": "viceowner",
        "groups": [
          {
            "id": 5,
            "priority": "first"
          },
          {
            "id": 2,
            "priority": "last"
          },
          {
            "id": 1,
            "priority": "normal"
          }
        ],
        "work_scheduler": {
          "monday": {
            "start": "8:30",
            "end": "12:30"
          },
          "friday": {
            "start": "7:30",
            "end": "21:30"
          }
        },
        "notifications": [
          "new_visitor",
          "new_goal",
          "visitor_is_typing"
        ],
        "email_subscriptions": [
          "weekly_summary"
        ]
      }'
```

</CodeSample>

</Code>

</Section>

<Section>

<Text>

### Delete Agent

> Deletes Agent specified by `id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes an Agent specified by `id`.
```

#### Specifics

|                 |                                                                      |
|-----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Method URL      | `https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.2/configuration/action/delete_agent` |
| Required scopes | `agents--all:rw`                                                     |

#### Request

| Parameter                            | Required | Data type | Notes                       |
| ------------------------------------ | -------- | --------- | --------------------------- |
| `id`                                 | Yes      | `string`  | Agent ID                    |

#### Response

No response payload (`200 OK`).

</Text>

<Code>

<CodeSample path={'REQUEST'}>

```shell
curl -X POST \
  https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.2/configuration/action/delete_agent \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your_access_token>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
        "id": "agent1@domain.com"
      }'
```

</CodeSample>

</Code>

</Section>

<Section>

<Text>

### Suspend Agent

> Suspends Agent specified by `id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suspends an Agent specified by `id`.
```

#### Specifics

|                 |                                                                       |
|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Method URL      | `https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.2/configuration/action/suspend_agent` |
| Required scopes | `agents--all:rw`                                                      |

#### Request

| Parameter                            | Required | Data type | Notes                       |
| ------------------------------------ | -------- | --------- | --------------------------- |
| `id`                                 | Yes      | `string`  | Agent ID                    |

#### Response

No response payload (`200 OK`).

</Text>

<Code>

<CodeSample path={'REQUEST'}>

```shell
curl -X POST \
  https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.2/configuration/action/suspend_agent \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your_access_token>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
        "id": "agent1@domain.com"
      }'
```

</CodeSample>

</Code>

</Section>

<Section>

<Text>

### Unsuspend Agent

> Unsuspends Agent specified by `id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unsuspends an Agent specified by `id`.
```

#### Specifics

|                 |                                                                         |
|-----------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Method URL      | `https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.2/configuration/action/unsuspend_agent` |
| Required scopes | `agents--all:rw` `billing:rw`                                           |

#### Request

| Parameter                            | Required | Data type | Notes                       |
| ------------------------------------ | -------- | --------- | --------------------------- |
| `id`                                 | Yes      | `string`  | Agent ID                    |

#### Response

No response payload (`200 OK`).

</Text>

<Code>

<CodeSample path={'REQUEST'}>

```shell
curl -X POST \
  https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.2/configuration/action/unsuspend_agent \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your_access_token>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{
        "id": "agent1@domain.com"
      }'
```

</CodeSample>

</Code>

</Section>

<Section>

<Text>

### Request Agent Unsuspension

> Suspended agent can send email to all owners and viceowners with request to unsuspend him.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A suspended Agent can send emails to license owners and vice owners with an unsuspension request.
```

#### Specifics

|                 |                                                                                    |
|-----------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Method URL      | `https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.2/configuration/action/request_agent_unsuspension` |
| Required scopes |                                                                                    |

#### Request

Empty request payload.

#### Response

No response payload (`200 OK`).

</Text>

<Code>

<CodeSample path={'REQUEST'}>

```shell
curl -X POST \
  https://api.livechatinc.com/v3.2/configuration/action/request_agent_unsuspension \
  -H 'Authorization: Bearer <your_access_token>' \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{}'
```

</CodeSample>

</Code>

</Section>

<Section>

<Text>

### Approve Agent

> Approves agent making him able to use application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Approves an Agent thus allowing the Agent to use the application.
```

Reviewer: We should avoid saying "him" or "her", and be more generic. It's possible to say "them", but in this example, it would sound weird.
